[Music]
[Applause]
for a long time the Bulls were the
Knicks kryptonite
[Applause]
we wanted to kill him they probably
wanted to kill us that was basketball
that I really miss I mean it was fierce
I wish there was a Knick ball game
tonight while the rivalry was fierce and
the games always hard fun one man
repeatedly determined the outcome
Michael Jordan continues to roll Michael
he was the x-factor he did everything
that was humanly possible to propel them
to the championship
[Applause]
the Bulls were always in the way of the
next they were the team that if you were
going to win a championship you had to
beat the Bulls and the Bulls seemed to
have the next number
they had some great players it was a lot
of fun we only wish that we could have
one few of those games
[Music]
[Applause]
when Air Jordan left the NBA to play
baseball
his absence opened the door for others
in the league to step up and take the
mantle of champion finally for a lot of
teams they felt okay well you know now
we don't have that obstacle and the the
one team that felt that way the most of
New York Knicks we started the
opportunity to you know step up and
hopefully get opportunity to play in the
finals
[Applause]
we had two beautiful you know I think
everybody felt that pressure you know
without Mike playing against Chicago you
know we have to win
in the 1994 playoffs New York and
Chicago met for the fourth consecutive
year but the Bulls proved to be a force
even without number 23 nodding the
series at two games apiece
[Music]
[Applause]
in the closing seconds of Game five and
the Knicks down by one Hubert Davis
became the subject of what is now known
as the phantom foul it's funny everybody
talks about the foul on Hubert Davis and
we always laugh to ourselves that we may
have gotten the benefit of the doubt on
that call but in the series against
Chicago they got many more benefit of
the doubt Jordan calls so we weren't
gonna apologize for getting one benefit
of the doubt call it took a miracle for
us to still win Hubert Davis came in and
built itself
[Applause]
and take a three games to two lead
in this best-of-seven
in Chicago in Game six Kukoc off the
dribble
[Applause]
Chicago held off New York to game six
setting up a decisive game 7 it's
Madison Square Garden in the nine years
since his arrival as the number one
draft pick during firing possible a goal
Patrick Ewing had delivered many things
on the garden floor but a playoff series
victory over Chicago was not one of them
here we are game 7 against Chicago at
home and no Jordan and the pressure was
tremendous they knew that if they lost
this game it was going to be the worst
laws of the Ewing Arab
[Applause]
by halftime Ewing had yet to score a
point in the first half he struggled
couldn't find himself offensively kind
of the worst fear you had for Patrick
Ewing was coming to light
[Music]
[Applause]
he had two remaining quarters to assert
control over his legacy in that moment
in that game seven took it upon himself
in that second half to make sure the
next one
[Applause]
his first field goal the second half he
settled down they started to happen for
him you know
other guys were involved in it
and then he had a chance to play his
game for the next 24 minutes
Ewing made perhaps the loudest statement
of his career finally putting the Bulls
away with a three-pointer off the glass
in the fourth quarter
[Applause]
well that was kind of luck but he didn't
call it so you got to call it on shot
but we're taking that was a big shot for
us
and I think the fans wanted Chicago to
and finally to beat them place went
crazy
[Applause]
[Music]
it was an incredible performance by an
incredible basketball player but for the
New York Knicks it was simply an
enormous relief it was exciting to
finally get over the hump against him
because all you see is red and it was a
great accomplishment the player who was
such a great player such a star player
but had to take a share of criticism in
New York you felt good for a guy like
that because he came up huge in a big
game
[Music]
you